    
   
       
   
       
       
   
   
   
       
 

 
   
 

John R. Kasich A Governor Ma,“-ay'°r_ L“ Govgmor

' Development
 | ServicesAgency

ENERGY ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS APPLICATION 2013-2014

The Ohm DeVe'°pmem sewlces AQBHCV lODSA) offers several programs to help low—income Ohioans pay their utility bills
and Improve the energy efficiency of their homes.This form may be used to apply for Home Energy Assistance Program
(HEAP). Percentage of income Payment Plan Pius (PIPP Plus) and Home Weatherization Assistance Program (HWAP).
Apply for the Winter Crisis Program (WCP) and summer Crisis Program (SCP) inJ)g;s_qr_1 by scheduling an appointment
Wm‘ 3 '09?” 9'0‘/lder 3Q9nCV-The Utility must be in the name of an eligible household member or documentation from a
landlord is required (lease or signed letter stating the resident is responsible for the utility bill).

ELIGIBILITY

Households may be eligible for assistance from HEAP, WCP or SCP if the household income is at or below 175 percent
of the federal poverty guidelines. Households may be eligible for assistance from HWAP if the household income is at
or below 200 percent of the federal poverty guidelines. Households may be eligible for assistance from PIPP Plus if the
“truusetrold income is at ortieiow 150 percent of the federal poverty guidelines. If eligible, a letter disclosing beneﬁts will
be provided. If eligible, the benefit will depend on federal funding levels, how many people live with you, total household
income and the primary fuel used. in most cases, benefits will be a credit applied to energy bills by the utility company.
This is a onetime benefit. If eligible for weatherization services, the application will be reviewed. If you live in federally
subsidized housing and have a utility bill in your name, you may be eligible for assistance.

  

 
     
     
       
    

Residents of any licensed medical facility (hospital, skilled nursing facility or intermediate care facility) or publicly operated
community residence (example:YMCA) are ineligible. Boarding/rooming houses, group homes or emergency shelters
are ineligible for payment assistance, but may be eligible for weatherization services. All persons who share a common
kitchen and bath are considered members of the same household and must apply on one application.

 

PERCENTAGE OF MCOME PAYIIENT PLAN PLUS (PIPP PLUS)

PIPP Plus enrollment can occurthrough this application only forthe following companies: American Electric Power lAEP),
Columbia Gas of Ohio, Dayton Power and Light (DP&L), Dominion East Ohio Gas, Duke Energy, FirstEnergy (Cleveland
llluminating Co., Ohio Edison,Toledo Edison) and Vectren. PIPP Plus is not available to customers of rural electric co-ops,
municipal utilities or users of delivered fue|s.The household must provide a copy of current utility bill which should be

in the name of the PIPP Plus applicant.

  
 
    
    
 
      
    

PIPP Plus requires eligible customers to pay a percentage of household income each month or face removal from PIPP Plus.

  

 

HOME WEATI-IERIZATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (HWAP)

HWAP is a low-income residential energy efficiency program that reduces the energy use of qualified households.The
types of assistance will be based on the home's energy efficiency assessment.

 

CONTACT INFORMATION

For questions regarding Energy  and click ‘contact us"
Assistance Programs or to check 1-800-232-0330 0' 514'54*55°9

the status of your HEAP application:

For the hearing impaired only: 1-300-535-1557 0|’ 514-752-3303

   
 
 

 
        
         
   
    

IIICOMI DITIIITIOU
Househoid income included tho gross income of all household members, minus the wage or salary income earned by
dependent minor: under ‘it years of age. Gross income includes, but is not limited to, wages (excluding documented
Md‘, imm-gnu pnmluarm), interest, annuities. pensions, Social Security (excluding Medicare premiums). retirement,
 “7&Imv, purhﬁc acalounca, Supplemental Security income (SSI), alimony, child support, unemployment
mg! vapours’ Cervnpamulan, utility allowances and any other indirect income such as utility allowances. Other


;  %I&tMmhdmﬂaﬂududﬁbmm

 

