8) What is your [11 9 source of heat? (Check only one)

D Natural Gas I: Bottle Gas or

Propane (LP! Gas)

 

Fuel oil or
Kerosene

Percentage of Income Payment Plan Plus (PlPP Plus) enrollment and re-verification (Please see front page for PIPP Plus description)

Coa|,Wood or

 

: Electric |:] Other

Pellets

Complete this section for your main heating source, including all—
electric homes. Give your heating company name and account
number below. A copy of your most recent fuel or heating bill from
your current address must be included and should be in the name of

thejlrimary applicant.

Complete the section below with your electric company name and
account number. A copy of your most recem electric bill from your
current address must be included and should be in the name of the
primary applicant..

  
   
  
  
    
  
    

Main Heating Source (Same source as Question 8.)

D3

yl'*< nn

l:l:l

yes no

Are you currently
enrolled in
PIPP Plus?

If no, would you
like to enroll in
PlPP Plus?

| ll yes, do you want to
re-verify household
income for eligibility?

if you are currently enrolled
in PlPP Plus, would you

like to he removed? lllyi)li
liIU(), yuii will lit‘ li"r|)Ull‘rll)ll' inr iiny
ri~iii.iiiiiiiu .ii ruiiiii liillrllil vi)

C°“"i““V’Ve"“°'  l
Account at I

9) :] |:] Are your heating costs included in your rent?

yes no

10) 1:;

yes

yi-r.

l_

V4,‘)

nu

_l

nu

Is the name on your heating bill different from
the Applicant's name? lf yes, what name.

First: Last:

3 [3 Do you share a main heating source meter
V“ "° with another household?

no

11)

 

Electric
Are you currently 1 If yes, do you want to
yes no enrolled in y»... llU re—verify household
PlPP Plus? income for eligibility?
__l __l if no, would you It you are currently enrolled
, lll) like to enroll in yls llli in PIPP Plus, would you
PIPP Plus? like to be removed? iii you

rlrriri, you will l)l- Vt;p(lﬂ§ll)ll'lUI any
ri»rriaiiiiiir-, dl.l.()\liVl Iliillliltr‘ i

Company/Vendor

Account #

12) 3 l: ls your electricity included in your rent?
yes nri
13) D is the name on your electric bill different from
V05 no the Applicant's name? if yes, what name.
First: | Last: I
14) E) El Do you share an electric meter with another

yes no

household?

15) Do you rent or own your home? I: Rent [:1 Own (Buying) skip to question 19.

15) Landlord'sName |

Address

__l

Te'e°“°“e NW6’ l 

Do you rent a room in someone e|se’s home? if yes, please list all household member information under question number 4.

Do you receive rental assistance from the government (i.e. Section 8, HUD, Metropolitan Housing)?

Has your household received weatherization services from any other program; (for example, a utility program)?

"V°5'W“‘°“ P’°9'a'"?  l

Would you like to apply for the Homeweatherization Assistance Program (HWAP)?
if yes, please check the energyhelp.ohio.gov website for a list of providers in your area.

lam enrolled in or eligible for Medicare. I consent to the release of my name, address, phone number, and
social security number to my local Area Agency on Aging, or the Ohio State Health Insurance Information

Program (0SHl|P), or their designee, for help in applying for prescription drug assistance and other benefits.

17)  
18) El l'_"l
‘res no
20) [V9 P
=1»  i;
22> [:l

Number of Native Americans in the household (as defined by the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs).

I authorize trietax Commissioner at the Ohio Department olTaxation or any agenl designated by triaTax Commissioner or the Ohio Department otTaxation as well as the Director ol the oriio Development
Services Agency or any |593lD"3‘9d employee of the Director, to disclose to the Director or the mile Development Services Agency or any designated employee or the Director. or Io theTax Commissioner ol
the oriio Departmenlo1Taxation,or any again or employee designated by lheTax Commissioner, all or my state of Ohio income tax inlormation. Tlia applicant Blqlllssly waivls nariaa at (he disclnsurelsl,
The applicant eirpr-ssly woivos tho conlldamialily provlalona amio oriio Ravised Code which would oxliarwiu pmhiblt disclnxuru and agrees to hold both the chip Department oltaxation and the Ohio
Dliulopmanl SIrvl1>uAlwnl.'y and in -guru and ornpluym in In: with rnpm no tlll llmltcd dliiclouun herein. This authorization is to be liberally construed and inrerprered; any ambiguity snail be
resolved in favor oftrletax Commissioner otrrle chin Dapurtmlm atTax andlar the Director anrie Ohio Development Services Ageni-.y.Triis authorization sriail be irrevocable for a period of lriree years
from the date that the appllonﬂan lulqndd,-and I: lilndlng an any and Ill heirs, beneﬁciaries, survivors, assigns. executors, administrators, successors, receivers, trustees or other bene ciarias.

, .!hl.0hlO D-velnpmem Services Agency or its nuriiorized providers access I0 my bank, employment, public assistance, utility company or other records
ppllcarlon, i give iris oliiu Dervalopmam Services Agency, its designees and authorized providers, and me u.s Deparririeni ol Energy and

tin unduly work perrorrned on my mama. i understand that filling our ilils application dcles not giiaraniee «her my hciiisenoid will receive

' pd an Ipprgvcd payment iliniormarion ls Icquired which determines lnai my household is not eligible ldr services according to the rules

'VlMVl7I'51l llaywta wrlllan doiannination or services or assistance. i also understand ihai I have me riglir rd raduesr a state hearing wilnin so
lg plnviigad in mi -ppllmiari ls, to (he best or my knowledge, a inie. accurate and carripiiire disclosure ol the requested inlormation. l
tutol

orlmowlnnly mlking false ortraudulenl statements. If) am or become a PlPP Plus customer I undnrstand that I may be

Application Date

 

